[Music]
do this for one minute see what will
happen to your arms if arm fat is the
bane of your existence I'm right there
with you
it can be hard getting rid of arm fat
that dangles or as it's called
colloquially batwings unless you're the
Caped Crusader bat wings are unwelcome
and you might be forced to cover
yourself with long-sleeve shirts keep
watching to learn about all the
exercises you'll ever need to tone up
your arms and finally get rid of that
jiggle don't forget to click the
subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life to protect your muscles
start the workout with a deep stretch so
that your arms will be limber and have
mobility all you'll need is a chair and
a pair of light dumbbells if you don't
have weights a couple of water bottles
will do now get ready to follow along
number 1 arm circles this is an ideal
way to begin the workout since this move
will tone your arms and act as a warm-up
as well stand tall with your arms
extended straight to your sides don't
hunch your shoulders maintain proper
posture your feet should be shoulder
width apart start by moving your arms in
clockwise circles the clock will be set
at 60 seconds as you move your arms keep
your core engaged by tucking in your
tummy and standing tall
[Music]
the circle should be just big enough
that you don't have to lift your
shoulders if your shoulders are lifting
make a smaller circle
[Music]
if you want a more advanced approach you
can hold the light dumbbells but only do
this if you know your body can take it
otherwise you'll be really sore later
even if your arms are starting to get
tired don't lower them because you'll be
missing out on the fat burn now move
your arms in counterclockwise circles
who do arm circles could be such a
strengthening exercise the longer you do
it the more you'll feel it in your arms
and upper back your shoulder blades are
also getting a nice stretch from this
move you might even hear the fascia in
your shoulder blades sliding and
stretching do this easy move every day
for 60 seconds and see how your arms
begin to tone up and how you gain
flexibility in your back number two
triceps extension you'll only need one
dumbbell for this stand with your feet
hip width apart grab a dumbbell and hold
it with both hands carefully lift the
dumbbell straight over your head then
gently bend your elbows and lower the
weight toward the back of your head
gently don't hit yourself the clock will
be set at 60 seconds this move
strengthens and sculpture ours it's
vital that you get started with weights
that are light so that you can
physically go through the full range of
motion if you are super hardcore and
advanced you can do this with two
dumbbells in this case hold one dumbbell
in each hand straight above your head
bend your elbows and cross your hands
behind your head
keep your core engaged and locked in
place the entire time so that you don't
risk hurting your back
[Music]
arm fat can be a tricky area to treat
you can be generally slim and all the
fat can still go to your arms some
people are genetically predisposed to
store arm fat in which case you can
thank your family for this pesky problem
having arm fat can even be a daily
stressor as you struggle to figure out
what to wear luckily this workout won't
only reduce the girth on your arms but
will also help restore your confidence
number 3 tricep dip the triceps are the
muscles that run between your shoulder
and elbow and it's the largest muscle on
your arms getting toned arms begins here
place a chair behind you make sure that
the chair is completely stable and won't
move at all you don't want to go sliding
off and getting hurt sit down on the
chair and put your hands shoulder-width
apart right on the sides of the chair
extend your legs in front of you
maintaining bent knees now drop down
using your triceps and bring yourself
back up the clock will be set at 60
seconds inhale as you lower yourself and
exhale as you come back up make sure you
open up your chest and check to see that
your shoulders aren't jutting forward
avoid common mistakes like hunching your
shoulders when you are dropping down
your shoulders should always be pushed
back and down toward your shoulder
blades avoid thrusting your hips up and
down instead of using your triceps for a
harder approach straighten your knees so
your legs aren't helping you at all and
your triceps are having to do all the
work if a stable chair isn't an option
you can do this move on the floor by
using a low bench or resting your hands
against any object that can take the
weight number four
push-ups you can't do an arm workout
without including the trusted push-up
this move is used so often for a good
reason it's a killer when it comes to
arm fat push-ups will target the
pectorals and triceps lie facedown on
the floor with your hands placed
shoulder-width apart and you're bent
toes carrying your weight as you inhale
lower yourself until your chest barely
grazes the floor now lift yourself and
exhale then repeat the clock will be set
that's 60 seconds ensure that your core
is engaged and that there is a straight
line running from your shoulders all the
way down to your feet for an easier
push-up simply lower your knees to the
ground so that your triceps aren't
handling all the weight in your body if
you do lower your knees cross and lift
your feet so that only your hands and
knees are touching the floor keep going
do you need any motivation think of that
really cute sleeveless shirt you want to
wear or about being able to run around
the block without your arms jiggling
when it comes to dangling arm fat the
triceps are usually involved when you do
a pull-up or a push-up you are using
your triceps
[Music]
but how often do you push or pull things
in your daily life unless your work is
very rigorous probably not so often
which is how the triceps lose their
strength and dangle when you move your
arms
number five renegade row this one's for
the strong and brave bring your
dumbbells to the floor get down on your
hands and knees and set yourself in a
high plank position with your arms
straight underneath you and your hands
in line with your shoulders grab both
dumbbells and ensure you have good
balance before continuing lift your
right elbow keeping the dumbbell close
to your chest
imagine someone pulling your elbow
straight up with a string now lower it
and switch arms the clock will be set at
60 seconds when it comes to arm fat your
biceps need some love - this is a great
multi-joint move that will target your
triceps biceps shoulders and back you
might find yourself struggling with one
arm more than the other this move can
point out your imbalances and strength
and help you determine which arm you
should work more you're almost done with
the hard part of course a good thing to
keep in mind is not to use round
dumbbells that can roll away from you
you don't want to land flat on your face
if one slips away
also make sure you aren't twisting your
spine each time you lift the weight if
you are it's probably best to use
lighter weights
[Music]
these exercises are the best and
simplest approach to get rid of arm fat
this workout will be most effective when
you add it to a cardio exercise to get
the best of both worlds with cardio and
strength training remember that to see
quick results changing your diet to
include more clean foods and less fatty
foods will be necessary keep up the good
work and your arms will transform from
flab to fit in no time so tell us bright
ciders what's your favorite move to work
on arm fat let us know in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side
[Music]